	• Welcome and brief CAMIS project update: Lyn 
	Please consider which areas of the project you would like to be involved with: 
		○ Repository reviewers/framework reviewers
		○ Content creators (Comparing analysis method implementations in software)
		○ Github - content review / approval
		○ Marketing, i.e. blogs and sharing with wider community (PSI, ASA, PHUSE etc) to encourage contributions 
		○ Long term plan - Extend reach beyond Europe/USA.
	• Repository roadmap : Lyn
		○ Sample website & templates – mid January 2022
		○ Feedback on website/templates – EOB Feb 2022
		○ Revisions – March 2022
		○ Launch – April 2022
	• White paper status update: Min-Hua
		○ NOTE: we would like to put the URL of new website and mention CAMIS in paper if possible?
	• Other stream updates: All
	 Need to identify who were the previous stream leads to check with them we can put content into new template formats.
		○ CMH
		○ Mixed models
		○ Linear models
	• Questions/ AOB - All
		○ Future meeting plan – Lyn set up directly so can be quickly adjust/ add more meetings if necessary?
		○ Name change: CAMIS: Comparing analysis method implementations in software
		○ Do we need our own logo. CAMIS. Volunteers?
		○ Supported by PHUSE & PSI & ASA. Assign rep (or reps) for each organization. 
		○ Extend membership given many previous members no longer on project
		○ Volunteer needed – can someone create a comparison using any method (but comparing SAS to Python/Julia or R to Python/Julia) – so we can test up with not just R Vs SAS.
		○ AOB.
