---
title: "White Paper, Website, Launch Plan"
date: "17Apr2023"
categories:
  - 2023
output:
  html_document: 
    toc: true
    toc_float: false
    toc_level: 5
    df_print: paged
---

# Attendees

```{r}
#| label: attendees
#| echo: false
#| message: false
#| warning: false

attend_list <- readr::read_csv("../2023_team_members.csv")
knitr::kable(
  list(attend_list[c(1, 6)]),
  "html"
)
```

# Agenda

-   White paper - Lyn/Min-Hua
-   Logo - All - voting!
-   Website progress - Christina
-   Launch Plan - Lyn
-   CAMIS-ONCO - Soma Sekhar
-   Volunteer Open Roles
-   Conference Attendance
-   AOB

# Meeting minutes

**White Paper Update: Min-Hua** PHUSE are doing technical review so hopefully will come back shortly with any comments. I reminded them last week. Has been reviewed by leads team, now with steering committee ( Final review team), so hopefully not much longer.

**LOGO: Lyn** - By a small majority the preferred option was the calculator without the P\<0.05 in it. This will now be redrawn & finalized. ACTION: Lyn will update website when image available. Will save under CAMIS/images so you can use for any posters/ presentations.

**Website progress: Christina** \*\*All - review of progress & answer any questions

Survival - Mia has made great progress on survival, Christina and Lyn to help fix branch issue & then will get it pushed to the live site.

**ACTION :** Lyn to Create a video of creating a branch / doing updates. push/pull - github pull request. Create a FAQ doc for the website.

**Launch Plan**

-   Align launch of website with release of white paper. Blog writing & "Video" launch - Lyn to write & distribute for review

-   Once content created reach out to the following to help advertise

    -   PSI /EFSPI (Martin),

    -   R Consortium / PHUSE / RSS (Lyn)

    -   IASCT (Harshal)

    -   ASA (Min-hua may have contact or See if Ben has a contact- ACTION christina to check with ben then get back to Min-hua. Lily Hsieh to ask Leon as he's part of ASA. Aiming can also reach out to a contact to see she has a contact )

    -   Others : TBC

**CAMIS- ONCO: Soma Sekhar**

Plans are in progress

**Review of volunteer open roles** Still looking for volunteers to do: - Co-ordinator for conference material - share standard slides/ content /abstracts /posters - Social media rep - to co-ordinate posts (linkedIn/Twitter) - Volunteers to represent CAMIS at various conferences

**Conferences** All to let Lyn know or update the conferences qmd if you want to attend and represent/advertise camis
