---
title: "Plan for Advertising CAMIS progress"
date: "19 July 2023"
categories:
  - 2023
output:
  html_document: 
    toc: true
    toc_float: false
    toc_level: 5
    df_print: paged
---

# Attendees

```{r}
#| label: attendees
#| echo: false
#| message: false
#| warning: false

attend_list <- readr::read_csv("../2023_team_members.csv")
knitr::kable(
  list(attend_list[c(1, 9)]),
  "html"
)
```

# Agenda

-   Welcome new members - Vandana Yadav (Novo Nordisk) and Iris Wu (incyte)
-   CAMIS Advertisement Plan - Harshal
    -   White paper

    -   Molly poster prize

    -   Conference plan
-   Website
    -   MMRM/ Other
-   CAMIS-ONCO / Prep for PHUSE CSS- Soma Sekhar
-   AOB
    -   Next meeting 14th Aug. Lyn on vacation, do you want to go ahead or move back 1 week?

# Meeting minutes

**CAMIS Advertisement Plan**

-   Blog re: White paper - All to share link with colleagues and like on social media,

-   Blog re: Molly poster prize - ACTION: Molly to write

-   LinkedIn -

    -   Should we have our own account (CAMIS linkedIN account) or post through the other organizations. Could post through our own personal accounts & have them repost?

    -   ACTION : Harshal to post from own personal account and we will assesss reach if we all like it and ask the organizations to repost it.

-   Any other social media sites needed to be used? Twitter was popular but not so now so stick with LinkedIn.

-   Spread awareness though individual departments working groups

-   PHUSE SDE connect - talk / presentation / posters or interactive workshops at connect SDEs.

-   PHUSE/ FDA CSS 2024 - Working groups interactive breakout sessions. create a DVOST break out sessions - see [CSS Working Groups (phuse-events.org)](https://www.phuse-events.org/attend/frontend/reg/tOtherPage.csp?pageID=15403&ef_sel_menu=1694&eventID=26)

    -   Maybe take inspiration from this years event to see what format they take

    -   ACTION Soma to report back after conference and we can plan for next year

-   Social media post on CAMIS engagement at conferences

-   Utilise #CAMIS on social media.

-   Pharmaverse - Could we get a link from Pharmaverse

    -   ACTION: Christina to see if we can get a link?\
        \

-   Conference plan. The conference plan on the website was reviewed and updated

    -   PHUSE FDA quarterly meeting. CAMIS invited to present. Plan to go through White paper concepts & website. Request a replacement to represent FDA on our group, since Kyle Lee no longer at FDA. Promote use of site to them. Likely to be in attendance someone from the Division of analytics and informatics in CEDER.

    -   PHUSE CSS: Somar producing poster. Also doing a talk on validation of oncology endpoints and why it's important to introduce hybrid programming languanges. Will be representatives present from regulatory authorities

**Website progress: Christina**

-   MMRM (Ben Arancibia happy to contribute)
-   Others - Not much new content in last month. Please if anyone time please add content !
-   Should we prioritize any areas, or in getting Python/Julia content. Currently we will just see what content people have, rather than priorizing however re-assess based on growth to see if we need to focus more on a single area and get more volunteers on key areas.
-   FAQ Doc - still in progress

**CAMIS- ONCO: Soma Sekhar**

-   Started work on poster due July 28th.

-   After presentation could convert to a white paper. ACTION: send out a draft plan for white paper, & lyn to add to agenda for discussion next meeting. Planning to evaluate endpoints for oncology. Table of endpoints required for approval.

**AOB**

Next meeting 14th Aug. Lyn on vacation, will move back 1 week.
