---
title: "End of year summary, plan for 2024"
date: "20 Nov 2023"
output:
  html_document: 
     toc: true
     toc_float: false
     toc_level: 5
     df_print: paged
---

# Attendees

```{r attendees, echo=FALSE, message=FALSE,  warning=FALSE, }
attend_list <- readr::read_csv("../CAMIS team members.csv")
knitr::kable(
       list(attend_list[c(1,13)]), "html")
```

# Agenda & Minutes

-   **End of year summary**

    Post & summary diagram of 2023 will go onto linkedIn soon, please like/share\
    We would like to welcome **Harshal Khanolkar to become a co-lead of the PHUSE CAMIS Repo**. Harshal has been instrumental through 2023 helping Christina and I stay on track and making suggestions for improving the social media and knowledge sharing within the group.

    MMRM now updated & Complete for now.

    Github training will be on youtube following R/pharma conference soon\
    \
    **2023 : A Year of Progress for PHUSE CAMIS Working Group**

    As we draw towards the end of 2023, the PHUSE CAMIS Working Group reflect on their key progress and successes this year.

    The CAMIS repository went live in January 2023, drawing on the content from the PHUSE CSRMLW project.  This searchable repo compares analysis method implementations in software (CAMIS) such as SAS, R and python. 

    The White Paper was published in June, which highlighted the importance of clearly specifying your analysis, such that it can be replicated in different software, and isn't relying on default options which can be different.

    For more complex analyses, it can still be hard to understand what defaults and algorithms your software is using, so the team focused 2023 on expanding our repo content, comparing SAS vs R methods.  By August, we had covered the following topics in the repo: quartiles, rounding, anova, mmrm, cmh, log-rank, cox-ph, mcnemar's test, kruskal-wallis test and logistic. October saw the launch of the sub-working group: CAMIS-Oncology, led by Somasekhar Sriadibhatla (AstraZeneca).  This team will focus specifically on oncology endpoints and analyzing them in SAS, R and Python.  The CAMIS team have expanded in membership during 2023 presenting at numerous conferences around the world. In November, we welcomed Harshal Khanolkar (NovoNordisk), to join the leadership
    team alongside Christina Fillmore (GSK) and Lyn Taylor (PAREXEL).  Our focus for 2024, will be on the creation of additional content for the repo, and sharing awareness of the project across the medical research and wider community.  We'd like to take this opportunity to thank all of our team
    members and contributors, and encourage everyone to check out the repository and help us to grow our content [CAMIS (psiaims.github.io)](https://psiaims.github.io/CAMIS/).  If you would like to join the team please get in touch through the repo.

-   **2023: lessons learnt: What we did well?**

    -   Adverts to industry & linkedin posts. To be Continued into 2024 - engage more unis, internship projects, academia, posit conf, r users conf, target key conferences

    -   Good sharing of conference content through the repo & improving the slides in an ongoing way.

    -   Leadership & project progress with plans. Transparency of the work. Nice to get Agendas pre-meeting & minutes after meeting in timely manner.

    -   Large range of individual contributions helping to grow repo. 1/2 contributors within the phuse group, but 1/2 outside of the group. So spreading the word is really helping us to get external contributions.

    -   **ACTION:** Christina & Chi: Please can you improve the 2023 conference tab, create a 2024 tab which contains link to presentations within the github repo.

-   **2023: lessons learnt: What we didn't do so well?**

    -   Time to get pull requests approved. Aim for 2024 to reduce the time so it's a maximum of 2 weeks. The delay was often caused by issues with renv. Christina is working with posit directly to improve renv issues & has already updated contributions guidance to help instruct people on how to contribute such as using Forks rather than needing github username access.

    -   python - Delayed discussion in how to design the repo to store python content. \
        **ACTION:** Vikash/ Soma / Filip - to meet with Lyn / Christina to agree format going forward. \
        More discussion on CAMIS ONCO below.\

-   **2023: lessons learnt: What is our focus for next year?**

    -   More content

    -   engage more unis, internship projects, academia, posit conf, r users conf, target key conferences

    -   CAMIS ONCO white paper, workshop & python/sas/r comparison (See below)

    -   CSS 2024 workshop, interaction with audience. 3-4 hrs hopefully. TBD at separate meeting, agenda workshop. Vikash, Harshal, Soma. 3-5 June.

    -   Idea for 2024: Set up a method such that people with no git / github skills can still contribute to the project. Perhaps set up a CAMIS email address. Assign volunteers for someone to email, then the github experts can load it in. Decide best process to non-R, non-github people.

-   **CAMIS-ONCO** \
    Plan to create cheat sheet for phuse 2024 - can go on CAMIS. \
    Need more volunteers in order to address all the endpoints. Oncology / survival team members needed to join Soma & Team. AZ investing in ChatGPT AZ version, it can create python code from SAS.\
    If AI can convert SAS code to python, we will then need people to test it. Volunteers needed to run in python. Can use the CAMIS repo data to test on hopefully but may need more detailed data? To see what data we currently have in the repo: see "data-info" and "data" folders.

    **Action:** Chi to have a look at the data folders, and decide better way to control/document data. Chi volunteered to help with Soma's test to test Python. Harshal may also be able to find volunteers at novonordisk. Starting point for python would be the default options vs R.\
    \
    **ACTION:** Lyn to Add to members list, who can run which languages & specialist areas (CAMIS-ONCO). **ACTION:** Soma to put poster into non_website_content/conferences.

    CAMIS: ONCO White paper: Needs to be progressed. invite all members to see if they can contribute. Set up regular meetings in 2024.

-   **Plan for 2024 : Project board in github: 5 categories**

    -   CAMIS : Generic Method Implementation Team: More content
    -   CAMIS-ONCO: items as above
    -   User Experience/Demo Team
    -   Social media & Engagement: Advertise/ Universities
        -   bi-monthly post re: new content (newsletter: form to subscribe to newsletter so that when we post out they get informed). **ACTION:** lyn to check with PHUSE if we can do this, or if we want to ask R consortium to help similar to R validation hub email list. \
            Also would be good to have blog post tab on repository. **ACTION:** Chi to help Christina with design. Idea would be to have 1 post which goes out on social media, to the emails subscription & on the website.

        -   more relationship with ASA OpenStatsware  - Orla Doyle. \
            [openstatsware (rconsortium.github.io)](https://rconsortium.github.io/asa-biop-swe-wg/)
            **ACTION:** Lyn/Christina/Orla to set up call to discuss collaboration. \
    -   General Tasks:
        -   Plan to review & accept content within 2 weeks of pull requests.
        -   POSIT help with RENV situation
        -   Search Engine Optimization: CAMIS full name on website? how do we become top hit ? Any volunteers to help with this let us know.

-   **ACTION:** Lyn to Cancel Dec Meeting 11^th^ Dec. next meeting 8th Jan 2024
