---
title: "CAMIS-ONCO, Conferences, Academic & regulatory input plans"
date: "8 Jan 2024"
output:
  html_document: 
     toc: true
     toc_float: false
     toc_level: 5
     df_print: paged
---

# Attendees

```{r attendees, echo=FALSE, message=FALSE,  warning=FALSE, }
attend_list <- readr::read_csv("../CAMIS team members 2024.csv")
knitr::kable(
       list(attend_list[c(1,2)]), "html")
```

# Agenda & Minutes

-   **CAMIS- ONCO: Update on progress & next steps to include:**\
    Regular meetings Cheat sheet for PHUSE 2024 PHUSE CSS planning (workshop in June). Python volunteers & code creation. White paper.\
    ACTION: Lyn to follow up with Soma/Vikesh to assess status of CAMIS-ONCO. Also set up meeting with team to discuss python content going into website

-   **Other Conference planning**\
    Lyn will update the conference tab on the repo. \
    PHUSE US Connect (Soma/ Vikesh) and Brian are attending.

    UseR is now open for abstract submission (deadline mid-march). Any volunteers to submit /attend. Salzburg (Europe) 8-11 July. Chi will be going, and volunteers to submit an abstract for us.

    PharmaSUG - Abstracts due 15th January. Conference is: May 19th-22nd Baltimore. Volunteers required to submit abstract if possible.

-   **Content updates**\
    Anyone with any questions about what they are working on or how to assign themselves?

    -   MMRM - Volunteer please to look at Proc Mixed vs Proc GLIMMIX and use this to expand the SAS/mmrm.qmd file.

    -   Keaven Anderson (Merck) - will start to look at SAS vs R for sample size / group sequential design / power. They use EAST, gsDesign, but others use rpact. Does anyone have experience of this (& using SAS for sample size)? Lyn & Martin & Keaven will meet to discuss on Friday.

    -   Christina: will add sales pitch to Website - Why CAMIS !?  + re-arrangment of some of the content.

-   **Objective to get more regulatory input**\
    Work with PSI AIMS as they plan a EMA regulatory panel discussion on R Any other ideas?\
    FDA/ Other regulators input/discussion.

-   **Git training plan for 2024** PSI conference abstract rejected. Creation of a short training session (like the R/pharma workshop) or 6 week 2 hr/ week course. ACTION: Lyn/Christina/Martin to follow up with PSI re: delivery of training. Restart GIT training meetings (Christina/Alex/ Irene)

-   **Interaction with more Academics & Universities**\
    Please can you present/advertise to your universities contacts. Anyone got contacts they can utilize? Ideas for spreading the word? Lyn doing Presentation at University of Sheffield on 28th Feb for RSS local group.

-   **Academia Projects** ALL: to think about possible dissertation projects. Plan to list available projects in repo & write descriptions of what the project would entail such that universities students can use them at dissertation projects Prof Richard Stevens (Oxford) is open to projects if we have any. Also Novonordisk : working with Alberg Denmark university to have a proposal for project.

-   **Raising awareness within companies to flag issues to CAMIS**\
    ALL: brainstorm how we can spread awareness within our organization & wider community

    EFSPI - PSI strategy day / heads meeting\
    ASA OpenStatsware - Orla Doyle: Focus is more on package development. If a gap comes up we could make them aware package is needed. Can also look to sassy r package to see if that replicates SAS (if it's right to do so) David Bosak. Lyn meeting with David next later this week.\
    \
    Plan for next Blogs:

1)  add blog tab to repo, then when we post we can link through.
2)  Ideas for next blogs? - perhaps pick a topic we have content already for & post blog on it.

-   **Funding requirements** NOTE: We can apply for a grant for any funding if anyone sees an opportunity to progress our work quicker through this method. NOTE: if any university project or individuals need funding to do this CAMIS work (creation of content), then we do have an option to apply to the R Consortium for funding.

-   **AOB**

    -   Linear Regression SAS & R, text are now live on website. Results match, but would be good to add a COMP file which just says what we checked & what matched... for example incase something comes up in future that does not match.
